[time series transformer] fix sampling paragraph description (#2566)
huggingface/blog: time-series-transformers.md

In this blog post, we're going to leverage the vanilla Transformer [(Vaswani et al., 2017)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.03762) for the **univariate** probabilistic forecasting task (i.e. predicting each time series' 1-d distribution individually). The Encoder-Decoder Transformer is a natural choice for forecasting as it encapsulates several inductive biases nicely.

> To begin with, the use of an Encoder-Decoder architecture is helpful at inference time where typically for some logged data we wish to forecast some prediction steps into the future. This can be thought of as analogous to the text generation task where given some context, we sample the next token and pass it back into the decoder (also called "autoregressive generation"). Similarly here we can also, given some distribution type, sample from it to provide forecasts up until our desired prediction horizon. This is known as Ancestral Sampling. There is a great blog post about sampling [here](https://huggingface.co/blog/how-to-generate) in the NLP setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin with, the use of an Encoder-Decoder architecture is helpful at inference time, where typically for some logged data we wish to forecast some prediction steps into the future. This can be thought of as analogous to the text generation task where given some context, we sample the next token and pass it back into the decoder (also called "autoregressive generation"). Similarly here we can also, given some distribution type, sample from it to provide forecasts up until our desired prediction horizon. This is known as Ancestral Sampling. [Here](https://huggingface.co/blog/how-to-generate) is a great blog post about sampling in the context of language models.
```

Reviewer: (totally optional, use what you think is best)
